[Spec-Insert] Removed default short-circuit. Replaced with -F flag. (#9111)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

If you are working on multiple Markdown files and do not want to keep running the `jekyll spec-insert` command, you can add the `--watch` (or `-W`) flag to the command to watch for changes in the Markdown files and automatically render the API components:

```shell
bundle exec jekyll spec-insert -W
```

> By default, when the plugin encounters an error, when processing a file, it simply prints out the error then moves on to the next file. If you want it to short-circuit when an error occurs, add the `--fail-on-error` (or `-F`) flag to the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when the plugin encounters an error when processing a file, the plugin prints out the error than moves on to the next file. If you want it to short-circuit when an error occurs, add the `--fail-on-error` (or `-F`) flag to the command:
```
